first pass at a code of conduct (#1576)
openshift/oadp-operator: docs/developer/Code_of_Conduct.md

> # OADP Team Code of Conduct

Reviewer: I'd suggest something more along the lines of "Development Guidelines" as a title here.

Reviewer 2: from today's scrum, I got this impression as well. Would we want a guide like this https://github.com/migtools/oadp-non-admin/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md ?

Reviewer 3: yeah +1  for CONTRIBUTING.MD

Reviewer 4: I agree, just we need to make sure there is clear separation between  CONTRIBUTING.MD and Code of Conduct, which are two separate things.

CONTRIBUTING.MD provides guidelines to contributing to the project's codebase, provide technical details, steps for setting up environment, testing standards and so on. They aim to ensure consistency and quality within the codebase.

This PR is about Code of Conduct, which establishes expectations for respectful and collaborative behavior within the community. It is aimed to give positive environment for all contributors and how to interact respectfully and constructively.

Both are important and CONTRIBUTING.MD should be separate PR.

Reviewer: @mpryc the content of this PR doesn't really feel like Code of Conduct really -- it's more about the PR review process -- so I think that's actually part of what we generally mean by CONTRIBUTING. Most of what's here is about contributing as an author and contributing as a reviewer.

Author: I have broken CONTRIUBTING and CODE_OF_CONDUCT into two pr's.
resolving

## Introduction

The guidelines here should be clear, easy to understand, and easy to follow.

### Assume positive intent, and bring a positive attitude and intentions.

> First and foremost, assume positive intent. We are all working towards the same goal, and we are all part of the same team. We should bring a positive attitude and intentions to our work.  This work can be fun and challenging, and we should enjoy the journey.

Author: Are you folks trolling me now, I suspect so.  I kind of like it and also kind of want to smack @mpryc

### Respect peoples time and effort.

If someone takes the time to review your PR or contributes to your issue please understand
those comments took time and effort. Respect that time and effort and respond to it with
respect.

### Pull Request guidelines
1. Follow the PR template instructions. 

> 1. Avoid self overrides. If prow tests are failing, ask the reviewers to override tests if needed. 

Reviewer: Do we also want to address when overrides are appropriate, at least in part? Something like "Always allow a required test to run and fail first before overriding" if we want to make a hard rule there. Otherwise, "Never override unless we expect the test to fail consistently."

Author: I think we should have the discussion first.  Not sure if I'm right, but IMHO I said someone that is currently on the CI team should look at the failure and override.  This way we can catch the repeat issues and appropriately add to @mpryc 's retry mechanism.  Open for discussion and clarifying

Reviewer 2: can we enforce who can override through OWNERS file?

Reviewer: @mateusoliveira43 The enforcement we're talking about here isn't for users who shouldn't be in OWNERS, though. i.e. if someone who is an owner submits a PR, that person shouldn't override. I guess the real question is whether the prow bot can enforce rules like "don't allow /override from author".

1. Understand that communication is quite difficult. 
   - Do your best to over explain a comment.
   - Be patient and understanding.
1. The best reviews include suggestions, clarifications and when testing a PR post results to the PR.

### Issue guidelines
1. OADP released product issues and tasks are best written up in Jira not GitHub.
1. Openshift / Migtools org issues are best for unreleased features and tasks. next $x or $y release x.y.z.  

### Focus

> We have limited time and resources. Choices have to be made with regards to how to best use those resources for the benefit of our customers.  PR's and issues that do not align with the project goals will be tagged with either:
> - label:priority/awaiting-more-evidence
> - label:priority/backlog
> - label:priority/important-soon
> - label:priority/important-longterm
> 
> The team should triage the above issues every 3 to 6 months. Do not expect reviews or comments on issues or PRs with the above labels. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Our time and resources are limited, so we prioritize efforts that align with our project goals and deliver the most value to our customers. Issues and PRs will be tagged based on their alignment with project objectives:
- `priority/awaiting-more-evidence`: Needs additional information
- `priority/backlog`: Future consideration
- `priority/important-soon`: Near-term priority
- `priority/important-longterm`: Strategic importance

The team will triage these issues every 3 to 6 months. Please note that issues and PRs with these labels may not receive immediate review or comments.

## Updates
This Code of Conduct is a living document and may be updated as needed. Team members are encouraged to suggest improvements through the standard PR process.
```
